in a more a more concentrated I never
really think about that much everyone's
always just like are you singing easy
it's like no not really like it's kind
of like you're concentrating on what
you're doing or counting how many
lengths you've done or you're just
thinking about kind of what you're doing
or thinking about I plan my days
sometimes I'm right all right I'm happy
right first I go to the gym and you just
kind of like you plan it you plan your
day
the last album I got was either Rihanna
or Jessie J's album I can't remember
which one it was but it was one of those
two
banana bread makin is going really well
made on last Saturday I put so much
cabbage chocolate in it it's unhealthy
banana bread is a stick so I'm going to
shock it in there it's so good I
absolutely love banana breads like I got
addicted to it when I went out to
Australia and before Christmas because
they have it everywhere over there so
they're Starbucks with confidence over
there all the time so I just got
addicted and then since I've come back I
was like I need banana bread so started
making it myself
Christian the boots and every time over
gym it is I love to meet you a second
wrong I would take either but the rooms
are just so gorgeous
I don't really know only wash my hair
like four times a week so it's quite
weird but I just say I don't bleach my
hair like I don't dye it or do anything
like that so I think it's pretty
protected there like I don't use any
dyes or whatever I just tend to look
after it just I use like a decent
shampoo and just try and I use some of
them treatments maybe once a week I'll
just get like a hair mask thing and just
use that
I'm a tea girl I don't drink any coffee
at all I'm a tea girl
today I definitely say just nice Beach
like warm where there's some own grease
but I do love Florida like I'm such a
big kid and I love all the rides but the
thing that Florida is just so tired when
she come back cause you've been doing
everything you need a holiday from
Florida but a beach holiday nice sir and
just great food just lounging on some
bed reading a book like that's my
perfect holiday
over hundred me is definitely Superman
would win I think over Batman Superman
can pretty much do everything like he's
Superman these are just like Batman
definitely Superman